add documention for the rover readme commands (#1141)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/readmes.md

---
title: Rover README commands
description: Publish and retrieve your graph variant's README
---

These Rover commands are for publishing and fetching the [README](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#the-readme-page) associated with a graph variant.

> READMEs are [Markdown based](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#supported-markdown), and supports Apollo-specific shortcodes, which are documented [here](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#readme-shortcodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
READMEs are [Markdown based](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#supported-markdown), and support Apollo-specific shortcodes, which are documented [here](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#readme-shortcodes).
```

## Fetching a README from Apollo Studio

> This requires first [authenticating Rover with Apollo Studio](./configuring/#authenticating-with-apollo-studio).

> You can use Rover to fetch the READE of any Studio graph variant. Run the `readme fetch` comand, like so:

Reviewer: just to match the styling of our `graph fetch` docs:

```suggestion
You can use Rover to fetch the README of any Studio graph variant.

Run the `readme fetch` command, like so:
```

```bash
rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant
```

The argument `my-graph@my-variant` is the `graph ref`, which you can read about [here](http://localhost:8000/rover/conventions#graph-refs).

### Output format

By default, the README will be output to `stdout`. You can also save the output to a `.md` file like so:

```bash
# Creates README.md or overwrites if it already exists
rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant > README.md
```

To request the output as JSON, use the `--output json` option:
```bash

> rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant --output json
```

```

> For more on passing values via `stdout`, see [Conventions](./conventions#using-stdout).

## Publishing a README to Apollo Studio

> This requires first [authenticating Rover with Apollo Studio](./configuring/#authenticating-with-apollo-studio).

You can use Rover to publish a README to one of your [Apollo Studio graphs](/studio/org/graphs/).

> Use the `readme publish` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `readme publish` command, like so:
```

---
title: Rover README commands
description: Publish and retrieve your graph variant's README
---

> These Rover commands are for publishing and fetching the [README](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#the-readme-page) associated with a graph variant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These Rover commands enable you to publish and fetch the [README](/studio/org/graphs/#the-readme-page) associated with a particular graph variant.
```

> READMEs are [Markdown based](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#supported-markdown), and support Apollo-specific shortcodes, which are documented [here](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/org/graphs/#readme-shortcodes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
READMEs are [Markdown-based](/studio/org/graphs/#supported-markdown) and support Apollo-specific shortcodes, which are documented [here](/studio/org/graphs/#readme-shortcodes).
```

## Fetching a README from Apollo Studio

> This requires first [authenticating Rover with Apollo Studio](./configuring/#authenticating-with-apollo-studio).

> You can use Rover to fetch the README of any Studio graph variant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Rover to fetch the README of any Studio graph variant you have access to.
```

Run the `readme fetch` command, like so:

```bash
rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant
```

> The argument `my-graph@my-variant` is the `graph ref`, which you can read about [here](http://localhost:8000/rover/conventions#graph-refs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The argument `my-graph@my-variant` is the `graph ref`, which you can read about [here](./conventions#graph-refs).
```

### Output format

> By default, the README will be output to `stdout`. You can also save the output to a `.md` file like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the README is output to `stdout`. You can also save the output to a `.md` file like so:
```

```bash
# Creates README.md or overwrites if it already exists
rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant > README.md
```

> To request the output as JSON, use the `--output json` option:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also request the output as JSON with the `--output json` option:

```

```bash
rover readme fetch my-graph@my-variant --output json
```

> For more on passing values via `stdout`, see [Conventions](./conventions#using-stdout).

## Publishing a README to Apollo Studio

> This requires first [authenticating Rover with Apollo Studio](./configuring/#authenticating-with-apollo-studio).

You can use Rover to publish a README to one of your [Apollo Studio graphs](/studio/org/graphs/).

Use the `readme publish` command, like so:

```bash
rover readme publish my-graph@my-variant --file ./README.md
```

> The argument `my-graph@my-variant` is the `graph ref`, which you can read about [here](http://localhost:8000/rover/conventions#graph-refs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The argument `my-graph@my-variant` is the `graph ref`, which you can read about [here](./conventions#graph-refs).
```

> You can also pipe the contents of the README in via `stdin` by providing `-` as the value of the `--file` option, like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also pipe in the README's contents via `stdin` by providing `-` as the value of the `--file` option, like so:
```
